Amanda wais a thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her sister, mom, and dad. Her sister, Miranda, wais eighteen years old. For Miranda’s birthday on April 26th, their family went is going to Brazil. They planned are planning to go to a beach so that Amanda can take amazing pictures for the yearbook. Amanda wais the photographer for her school this year. They are starting to pack up when Amanda realizes they are staying there for a week. Amanda lists what she will do for the week in her little notepad:
SUNDAY → Arrive, Take stuff out, Enjoy with whole family
MONDAY → Go to sister’s favorite shop for breakfast {Auntie Anne’s Pretzel shop}
TUESDAY → Lunch outside with family
WEDNESDAY → BEACH DAY!!!
THURSDAY → Stay at home with grandparents
FRIDAY → Go to shops for little souvenirs, Pack up
SATURDAY → Leave
She puts the notepad in her rolling backpack, which wais her suitcase, as her mom called her downstairs to put her suitcase in their car. Amanda scans the room before leaving. Her eye caught catches her camera from her birthday. She decided to keep this item out so she could take pictures from the airport and airplane. Both Amanda and Miranda liked photographing, but Amanda draws better digitally and Miranda draws better on a canvas. As she is carrying her rolling backpack she found her ipad and phone. She stuffed those in too. She finally reaches the trunk of the car and puts her rolling backpack in the car. Then she hopped in with her ipad and the camera that wasis around her neck. 
At the airport she decided to put the camera away. They got boarded onto the plane at 9:46 AM. Then, since they didn’t leave until 10:00 AM, Amanda decided to draw on her ipad with her stylus. She was a really good digital drawer. Her latest one was an eye with a teardrop coming out. Now she is working on her sister’s face as a gift. She put her ipad away for takeoff and landing. During the ride she finished the picture. After they were are out of the airport, it only took them fifteen minutes to walk to their grandparents’ house.
They had a warm welcome with the smell of pasta from the kitchen. They went upstairs and into one of the bedrooms. The family rested while the grandparents hung out downstairs. The family decided who was sleeping in which room. The house had six rooms,. Ttwo of which had a specific color. One was a light shade of blue and another was a dark shade of green. These were Amanda and Miranda’s. They both were different when it came to colors. Amanda loves light colors, especially the lightest blue, Miranda liked the darker colors, especially the darkest green. The grandma’s room was full of pictures from traveling and also a few gifts for the two grandkids. The grandpa’s room was just plain. The mother’s was completely white. Dad’s, complete opposite. Everything was black. To what they had chosen, it was Amanda in the blue room, Miranda in the green room, mom in the white room, and dad in the black room. They had enjoyed Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. 
Now it was time for Amanda to stay at home and enjoy with her grandparents while her sister and parents went shopping. She immediately picked up her ipad and took selfies. She also went outside to take pictures. She went inside and her grandmother had prepared something for her. She prepared a surprise, from the attic, old and dusty. She turned it around and it was a fantastic painting of the Mona Lisa. It was beautiful. The shadows were very precise. It was almost as if nobody could find a mistake, even Leonardo da Vinci. Leonardo da Vinci is the painter of the real Mona Lisa. 
“Who painted this?” asked Amanda.
“Your mom.,”
“Really! Wow that is amazing. I will take a picture of it. Hold on...can I take it since it is tiny?”
“Sure,” said the grandmother.
She took it into the blue room. She started admiring her mom’s picture. How was it so perfect? She compared the eye with the teardrop that she drew with her mom’s Mona Lisa painting. Both super precise, a few minor shading mistakes in hers, and no mistakes in her mom’s. How was her own teardrop in the eye so close to perfect? She started to wonder if that is why she had the ability of digitally drawing. Friday, she packed the painting and all her souvenirs safely. She took the gifts from her grandmother and opened them. One was a completely new styluis, one that could change sizes. The other was a completely new iPad case. It had one of her favorite things, a winking emoji. On Saturday as soon as they went home she hung the painting in her room. She switched the styluses and her ipad case. She felt proud and sort of bragged about the painting at school.
