 Are Alligators and Crocodiles really different? That is the question most people ask themselves. You might have seen them in the zoo and asked yourselves “Is it a Alligator or a Crocodile?”. And how can you tell the difference. Well, these are the questions we will answer today.

 Alligators come in many different shapes and sizes. There are 2 species of Alligators left in the wild, the American Alligator and the Chinese Alligator. In its lifetime the American Alligator can gain up to 800 pounds! That weighs as much as a grand piano. And they can grow up to 13 feet. The lifespan of an Alligator is about 30 - 50 years. Alligators have a “U” shaped mouth and their upper jaw is wider so their teeth stick out. The Alligators mostly live in freshwater swamps.

There are 14 species of crocodiles in the world. Two species of crocodile live in USA, and both the species live in Florida. The Crocodiles like to live in mostly salty water unlike the Alligator. Some might think that alligators are larger and heavier than crocodiles, but Crocodiles can grow up to 17 feet! And because of their length, Crocodiles can weigh between 880 pounds to 2,200 pounds! Crocodiles are more aggressive when it comes to protecting their food and also catching it  Crocodiles have more webbing on their feet which helps them propel them through the water.


People tend to get confused or mixed up when they hear the word Alligator or Crocodile. There are a few main differences in them. The Alligator is a blueish to brown color and while the Crocodile has a dark olive green to black color. Similarly the Alligator has a U more rounder shaped mouth while a crocodile has a V more pointy shaped mouth. While Alligators can be about 13 feet tall, the crocodile outgrows him by several feet. They both live in water and have long tails that propel them when they swim. 
   


In conclusion Alligators and Crocodiles are not as different as some might seem. They have similar qualities but there are some distinctive traits that can be used to tell them apart. They come from the same family and have many of the same features. But they have a few minor differences.    



